howdy folks
my name is Terry and here on the geek
and sundry vlogs channel you and I get
to have a wonderful conversation about
the world of tabletop miniature
wargaming now I make a few videos about
games from the Warhammer in the
Warhammer 40,000 world I mean I've done
painting tutorials from those games I
have talked about lore from those games
I've even complained about Games
Workshop as a company and while I've
made quite a bit of videos about them I
don't normally talk about Warhammer a
Warhammer 40,000 is games that people
should start the hobby in and there's a
couple reasons for this and most of it
has to do with the fact that it tends to
take a pretty substantial investment in
terms of money and in time to get
rolling in both those games so I thought
today I could talk a little bit about
games which are a lot easier to jump
into a little more friendly to both the
wallet as well as the impatient gamer
who wants to just get gaming so we're
going to start exploring some
alternatives to where hammer and
Warhammer 40000 today let's start by
talking about Privateer Press now
Privateer Press makes war machine and
whores and these two games kind of have
a very different aesthetic and feel war
machine feels like a science fiction
game and horns feels much more like a
fantasy game but both games are actually
compatible with each other which means
you can play this kind of cross game mix
called warm Awards with them the nice
thing about it is it allows for you to
have a nice deep feeling game with a lot
of variation but it also gives you the
opportunity like that you want and not
be limited in terms of community these
games aren't kind of competing against
each other for fans if you're looking
for epic scale type of games look no
further than Spartan games they make
some wonderful things including
dystopian Wars which is a steampunk type
Navy sweet game that also has like an
armored and aerial kind of division
there is also the firestorm universe
which has this spaceship tech game
called firestorm Armada which is
incredible and feels both epic and
strategic and also the newest release of
that universe fires from Planet fall
which feels very much like a miniature
world war 2 type game with those
panics but totally in this wonderful
science fiction universe what I love
about Spartan games is how wonderful
their mechanics are and how interesting
they are at the same time as how
gorgeous their models are the scalps in
their models are fantastic and if your
ifs in finding out what those models
might look like check out my plan
followed boxing the starter set is just
absolutely gorgeous and in the boxing
you can hear me squeal all about the
contents now while I have recommended a
whole bunch of largest-scale games so
far I do tend to skew towards skirmish
skits I'll games for recommending to
people who've never played many more
games before one such game is malifaux
which is made by company who
nerdfighters might be familiar with
weird who also made a game called evil
baby orphanage malifaux is really
interesting in that it has this
wonderfully distinctive steampunk
aesthetic but it also uses a fake tech
mechanic which is essentially a
replacement for dice instead of rolling
dice determine outcomes of things like
attacking you draw cards and well for
people who have had some really bad and
improbable dice rolls in their life this
car mechanic is actually very
appreciated and useful now let's say
you're a fan of things that happened to
Mary like westerns with science fiction
then go no further than taking out Wild
West Exodus while those Exodus is a
universe that is extremely rich
extremely intricate extremely
interesting it has everything that you
would expect from westerns like lawmen
and outlaws and natives and missionaries
but also includes interesting things
like cyborgs and aliens to bring into
the fray of the world it's kind of a
perfect time to be checking out this
game as well since they are doing their
Kickstarter as of March 1st to expand
that universe include those aliens I
mentioned earlier so now is the time to
kind of check it out and get into it on
the total screen in case you haven't
seen some of my other videos I do
recommend a lot of games in those videos
as well and I'll link and mention them
right now
there's Star Trek attacking dungeons and
dragons attack winged Bushido strange
Aeons and zombicide all of which are
wonderful interesting rich games
in their own right this video is a
little bit of a throwback for me to one
of my first geek and sundry audition
videos where I asked people to tell me
what they were kind of into so I could
recommend tabletop miniature wargames
for them to try out I also wanted to do
a kind of a full circle thing since this
is my last video here on the geek and
sundry vlogs channel
don't worry though I'm still gonna be
making all sorts of tabletop and mini
wargaming content on my personal channel
so you should totally check me out there
and also I'm so very much a part of the
geek and sundry family gang sign of
course but you can find me possibly in
the very near future on geek and sundry
comm so do check out the website and
check out all the folks who may be
familiar to you over there
I'm it till next time and I do mean this
will sincerely thank you very much for
hanging out with me and I will see you
soon